[Music]
all right so this is the zephyrus g15
it's their new one for 2021
and when i originally got the
engineering samples in in january
i had a sneaking suspicion that i would
be replacing my existing
personal laptop the razer blade with one
of these because they just seem
so good on paper and yeah this is a
purchased retail unit and
it is on point this is a
half polycarbonate half magnesium alloy
device so this top surface has this
grid of dots and it's a very
recognizable grid right when you look at
this you can tell it either g14 or g15
and it's a very simple muted design it
looks really nice but
as i mentioned a year ago when this
stuff first came out you can
easily get grime and just stuff stuck in
the holes i'm not even talking about
like
super dirty people that just smear mud
on their devices i'm talking about
just simple everyday use there's just
stuff that can get inside here i already
have one of the holes clogs from i don't
even know what it is but it's in there
and i can't easily get it out
and the other thing is that this does
not light up so the g14 last year had an
option where you can get like these leds
that would
shine through the matrix but you can't
get it on the g15
it's whatever i don't really think it's
a big deal but if that's some of those
importance to you
the g15s don't have it but this is a
better machine
and you'll see in a minute why the other
thing is that the prismatic reflection
you can see on some of the metal
elements
is way more noticeable on the gray
device than it is on the white
device so again if that's something
that's interesting to you you can see it
way more easily
on the dark surface now the rest of the
build
is just it's on point it's so tanky
it's built well but it's light it's like
two kilograms
this is i think for a lot of people a
ideal
chassis for a laptop like a good size
good weight and packs
a lot of power now when you pop it open
it's got that lid
thing that some of the asus devices do
so when you lift it open you can see
that
i think they call it ergo lift there's a
whole bunch of names they use but it
tilts the
keyboard up in this ever so slight angle
and you are presented with a great
keyboard this is a nice layout
easy to get used to easy to type on good
for games good for getting stuff done
uh there's one complaint i have and it's
just a very small one
there's no print screen key it's a key
that i think very few people actually
use anymore but it's something that i
use pretty regularly for work and it's
not there so if you depend on it it
ain't there but otherwise
no complaints about the keyboard now the
actual lighting the back lighting on
this
is a white backlight or like a grayish
blue white
backlighting it's not like pure bright
white it's a little dim
and it's one of the reasons why i'd
prefer this device over the
white keyboard because the white
keyboard has it's got the same kind of
backlighting
but because the keys themselves are so
white it's actually difficult to see the
backlight
against those super white keys so it's
just easier to actually see these keys
in the dark
with the backlight off because then
there's a more contrast like the black
text against the bright white plastic
it's kind of weird there's a fingerprint
sensor up top
on the power button and the trackpad so
this is a large trackpad
easy to use great click mechanics glass
you're going to like them okay on the
left and right are speakers that look
really cool
and they also sound better than your
average gaming laptop as well
now the screens have these black bezels
on both of them both the white model and
the gray model
and i was a little concerned when i got
the engineering samples in january i was
like is the white one really going to
have
this dark bezel and even the retail
models do
this is weird to me like obviously put a
lot of time and effort designing these
new devices
so it's a little bit strange that even
on the white device they've kept
the black bezel but the panel itself is
excellent it's 1440p 165 hertz
fast response time i think that this is
an amazing panel for the stuff that i do
obviously everyone's different i edit
videos so the higher resolution is nice
and the type of games that i play
can really take advantage of the 1440p
but that's not everyone i tend to play
games that aren't super demanding like i
like to play competitive shooters
if you're someone who plays a lot of
like you know open world
high demand like cyberpunk 2077 say you
play that
frequently having the higher resolution
screen can be a bit of a disadvantage
like you are forced to run
at like if you want the best possible
image quality you're forced to find a
1440p
and it just puts a more strain on your
hardware but
i personally like it it's just a
personal preference now there is no
webcam and i think for a lot of people
that can be a deal breaker like the g14
didn't have it last year and
some people were bothered by that i like
it i like my devices not having webcams
and if i do
any kind of like video conferencing
which i do very frequently now
especially during the pandemic
i just like i've purchased an external
and i use it or just use my phone
but if you're someone who's highly
dependent on video conferencing
then you're gonna have to get an
external for sure okay
let's talk about performance because
that is where the magic happens
the great one i have here is the best
buy configuration it's 1799
and it's really powerful 3070 with a
5900 hs
these chips are awesome and they deliver
excellent
multi-core performance now in terms of
the graphics that is the biggest
difference between the gray one i have
here
and the white one this is running at 30
70 and this is running uh
rtx 3080. now the thing you need to keep
in mind is that both of these devices
are they're thin and they're light and
they're meant to be
very portable but powerful gaming
laptops
but they don't pump a ton of wattage
through either of these gpus
it's not like you know 150 watts ripping
right through this machine
the 30 70 is appropriately specced and i
think this is the best value of these
devices that
1799 version but the moment you step up
to a 30 80 because
i mean it is faster than a 30 70 but
it's not as impressive it doesn't
deliver
as it doesn't make use of the 3080 to
its full potential because
of the limitations of this chassis
design
so my suggestion is unless you
absolutely need
the i know the cuda cores or the the
benefits of the 3080
most people like the vast majority of
people will be happy
on the 30 70. the one other advantage
that the
white model has well if you like the
white color but the other advantage that
the 3080 has
is that you get more ram so this comes
with 32 gigs of ram and the way that
it's configured on the internals is that
you can only upgrade one module of ram
the other module is baked onto the
motherboard so on the
3070 equipped version you can only get
up to 24 gigs of ram like
eight baked on add another 16 whereas
the white version you can add up to 32
gigs because you have 16
plus the 16 that you would stick into
the slot so
if your workflow or games require it's
not no games require 32 gigs of ram but
if your workflow or
whatever requires 32 gigs of ram you
have to go with the more expensive
3080 configuration in terms of the
thermals they're both running liquid
metal but i think
it's only on the cpu and the reason why
i say this is because if you look at the
temperatures
the cpu temperatures like they both run
the same cpu temps
they're good but the gpu temperatures
are a little bit warmer than i'd like to
see especially on the one with the
rtx 3080. so fan noise is a topic that
is a little bit more complex
on this system and maybe it's because
i'm looking at it from the perspective
of
if this was mine right like this is the
device i'm gonna be using going forward
so i'm more
critical when it comes to stuff like
this the fans on both these devices can
be very quiet if you put it on silent
mode
but i feel like if you want realistic
performance on these devices
you need to have the fans going pretty
aggressively and the settings that they
have like the balance mode is
way too conservative like the fans don't
come on enough and it just chokes the
system a little bit
and the turbo mode is really loud so i
feel like there should be something in
between
or they should bump up the performance
of balance mode but there is a
manual options you can tweak things to
your heart's content but overall the
thermal systems on both these devices
is quite good the battery down here is
pretty big it's 90 watt hour and i'm
getting a solid six and a half hours on
it
on a 15 inch device of this weight and
size seeing a big battery like this is
uncommon and quite frankly refreshing
like i like to see it it's important to
me and i think
it is to a lot of my viewers as well now
the ac adapter is 200 watts it's not
a super chunky one but you also have the
ability to charge these things
through usb-c so if you have the
capability if you have a charger that
can do it
power delivery 100 watts it'll fuel this
thing up
it doesn't run at full speed if you're
just using the usb-c charger but
you have the option to juice it up in a
pinch the port selection is pretty good
you get two usb-a
two usb-c they don't support thunderbolt
3 but the overall device is great
and i feel like there's very little to
nitpick about it if i had to
it's going to be a few things number one
i don't like the position
of the ac adapter plug-in spot like it's
on the side and your cable kind of runs
along the length of or half the length
of the device and i much prefer if it
was
in the back so it's out of the way or
just towards the rear of the device but
this is
kind of in the middle which i don't love
the other thing is that
the way that the device exhausts its
heat
a lot of it comes right out of the kind
of rear of the device
towards the screen or towards the bottom
of the screen
now this isn't new a lot of devices do
this but i've noticed that this gets
really hot like if you run a thermal cam
you can see it now i don't know if it's
bad for the screen like i feel like
they've designed this thing with that
exhaust in mind so they've probably
taken into account
but it's still a little bit concerning
uh the other thing i don't like
is their software so i'm someone who's
very picky about software i like stuff
clean
right and their software is quite
cluttered and requires multiple
installation files
and there's also the black bezel around
the display which i mentioned earlier
but
the overall device it bangs
it bangs hard i feel like this is likely
going to be
the laptop of the year like actually i
don't see a lot of competitors on the
horizon that can compete with this in
terms of the overall package
and the price i do think lenovo's legion
products they can possibly hit it when
they come out but
this is really good if you're interested
in this thing it gets
my whole heart of recommendation
especially the 1800
kind of best buy model i think this is
gonna be on amazon as well
in the near future i'll link it below
but that
wraps up this review and yeah if you
have questions
hit them up below i'll do my best to get
some hope you guys enjoyed this video
thumbs if you liked it subs if you loved
it
see you guys next time
you